♪♪♪
♪ I WAS BURIED
BENEATH MY SHAME ♪
♪ WHO COULD CARRY THAT
KIND OF WEIGHT? ♪
♪ IT WAS MY TOMB TIL
I MET YOU ♪
♪ I WAS BREATHING
BUT NOT ALIVE ♪
♪ ALL MY FAILURES I
TRIED TO HIDE ♪
♪ IT WAS MY TOMB
TIL I MET YOU ♪
♪ YOU CALLED MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I RAN OUT OF
THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪ YOU CALLED MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I RAN OUT OF
THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪♪♪
♪ NOW YOUR MERCY HAS
SAVED MY SOUL ♪
♪ NOW YOUR FREEDOM IS
ALL THAT I KNOW ♪
♪ THE OLD MADE NEW JESUS, WHEN
I MET YOU (OH WHAT A DAY) ♪
♪ WHEN YOU CALLED MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I RAN OUT OF
THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪ YOU CALLED MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I RAN OUT OF
THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪♪♪
THIS IS MY STORY,
THIS IS YOUR STORY
COME ON, LISTEN
♪ I NEEDED RESCUE, MY
SIN WAS HEAVY ♪
♪ BUT CHAINS BREAK AT THE
WEIGHT OF YOUR GLORY ♪
♪ I NEEDED SHELTER, I
WAS AN ORPHAN ♪
♪ NOW YOU CALL ME A
CITIZEN OF HEAVEN ♪
♪ WHEN I WAS BROKEN,
YOU WERE MY HEALING ♪
♪ NOW YOUR LOVE IS THE
AIR THAT I'M BREATHING ♪
♪ I HAVE A FUTURE, MY
EYES ARE OPEN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE WHEN YOU CALLED
MY NAME (SHOUT IT) ♪
♪ I RAN OUT OF THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪ YOU CALLED MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I RAN OUT OF
THAT GRAVE ♪
♪ OUT OF THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ INTO YOUR GLORIOUS DAY ♪
♪ O, HEY , COME ON ♪
♪♪♪
♪ OH, WHAT A DAY, OH WHAT
A DAY, OH WHAT A DAY, ♪
♪ OH WHAT A DAY ♪
YOU CALLED MY NAME, I CAME
RUNNING OUT OF THAT GRAVE
♪♪♪
2017 LET'S HEAR IT, THE
LOUDEST SHOUT YOU GOT IN YOU
GIVE IT TO US.
[APPLAUSE